Look at the breeze
Everywhere you force me
Hit me so I had to be with him
Qingfeng, save me
The person I have always loved is you
If you are forced
You shut up
Did I kill you?
You want to hit me?
Good idea.
If you really have the ability, kill me
I don't believe you are my shit emotions
Why are you robbing me?
You are obviously a parent-child
Jin Ming
We grew up together
I am also a brother
Who wants to be your brother?
Ah, if you hadn't teased me everywhere
Will I become like this?
Ah, it's all your fault
It's all your fault
Just because you don't have a gun
Daddy loves you so much
Why?
I am their child
Hate You Breeze
I hate you. You're wrong.
younger brother
Mom has always been more worried about you
He asked me to help you more in the future
Of course. I hope your life will be better in the future.
But what about you?
You've been blinded by jealousy
You can't see it all
You became the family you are today
It's all because of you
You must have lied to me.
future
I won't help you anymore.
Hope you
Be new
Chen Jun, I can't wait for a meal
Willing to obey the law
I just hope the whole army leaves us a way to live
Ask the whole army
Go to the door tower
I told you before.
Hundred feet to solve the destruction hahaha
Dream ritual
You can start now.
I declare to invite you
Start now.